bump: - common 23.0.0-rc.2, - NN 113.0.0; - maps 10.8.0-rc.1 (#6237)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased
#### Features
#### Bug fixes and improvements

> - Fixed route parsing. Annotation duration from route is using to get segment's duration. [#6237](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6237)

Reviewer: This doesn't tell me what exactly has been fixed, could we refactor this message?

> - Added `guideMapUri` to the `RestStop`. [#6237](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6237)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `guideMapUri` to the `RestStop`. [#6237](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6237)
- [TileStore Android Service] Fixed a crash when the service process is killed by the Android system. [#6237](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6237)
```

#### Features
#### Bug fixes and improvements
- Fixed an issue where portions of alternative routes that overlap with the primary route weren't hidden correctly, suffering from precision problems. [#6228](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6228)

> - Fixed routes’ incorrect duration: now it relays on annotations if provided, otherwise on steps’s duration. [#6237](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6237)

Author: @DenisPryt could you verify the changelog string

> - Fixed routes’ incorrect duration: now it relays on annotations if provided, otherwise on steps’s duration. [#6237](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6237)

Reviewer: typo: `relays` -> `relies`

> - Fixed routes’ incorrect duration: now it relays on annotations if provided, otherwise on steps’s duration. [#6237](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6237)

Reviewer: The fix doesn't change anything in `DirectionsRoute#duration`, it changes the `RouteProgress#distanceRemaining`. This entry still needs some work ahead of the release.

Author: @LukasPaczos what if
```suggestion
- Fixed routes’ incorrect `duration` entities in `AlternativeRouteMetadata` and `RouteProgress`: now it relies on annotations if provided, otherwise on steps’s duration. [#6237](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6237)
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed incorrect values in `AlternativeRouteInfo#duration` and `RouteProgress#durationRemaining`: now they rely on `route.leg.annotations.duration` if available, otherwise, `LegStep#duration` is used for calculations. [https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6237](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6237)
```
